One! Two! Three! Four!
Five! Six!
Seven! Eight!
Korosensei Korosensei Korosensei Korosensei Korosensei
Korosensei Korosensei Korosensei
Ah, the sounds of exercise echoing across the field on a sunny afternoon.
Korosensei Korosensei How peaceful.
Korosensei Korosensei Korosensei
Or so it would be if the students didn't have weapons in their hands.
Korosensei Korosensei Korosensei Korosensei Korosensei
Practice swinging your knives from all eight directions.
Korosensei
I'll be in charge of physical education from now on.
I'm feeling a bit left out.
Didn't I tell you to make yourself scarce during this period?
Go play in the sandbox or something.
You're so mean, Karasuma-sensei.
I'll have you know that my students happen to like my P.E. activities!
Yeah, right.
Your physical abilities are too far out there.
Don't you remember what happened last time?
Now, let's try jumping from side to side.
Korosensei Korosensei Korosensei Korosensei Korosensei
Korosensei Korosensei Korosensei
I'll show you how it's done, so watch and learn!
Korosensei
As if!
Once you get the hang of it, you can add in some cat's cradle.
Damn, he's good!
He's in a class of his own.
I'd rather have a human P.E. teacher, thanks.
Okay, let's get back to it.
But is there any point to all this training, Karasuma-sensei?
And should we be doing it right under our target's nose?
Assassination follows the same principle as studying:
drill the basics and they'll serve you well.
The same?
Isogai-kun, Maehara-kun, step forward.
Try to strike me with those knives.
Are you sure?
As a team?
They're harmless to humans, so don't worry.
If you can touch me, even lightly, you may all go home for the day.
Uh... well, er...
Okay, then.
Come on.
As you see, with a little training,
even I can handle the knives of two amateurs.
Wow!
If you can't even hit me,
you haven't got a snowball's chance in Hell against our Mach-20 teacher.
See? While we were sparring,
he built Osaka Castle in the sandbox, changed clothes, and brewed up some tea!
That really grinds my gears.
Once the whole class is capable of hitting me,
your chance of success will increase dramatically.
During P.E., I'll be teaching you stabbing, shooting,
and the other basics of assassination.
Whoa.
That's all for today.
Thank you!
Karasuma-sensei's kinda scary, but he sure is cool!
I know, right? You think he'll pat us on the head if we manage to hit him?
I wonder.
You're trying to steal my students away from me, aren't you?
Don't be ridiculous.
"If the school so desires, it may assign an additional teacher to the E class."
It's right there in your employment contract, I believe.
My duty is to provide on-site monitoring of our assassins—
all in the name of killing you.
I have a name, you know.
The students came up with it.
Please call me "Korosensei."
A quiz in sixth period, eh?
Shame we didn't get to go home after all.
Hey, Nagisa-kun.
It's been a while.
Karma-kun... You're back?
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst sei sei
seishun satsubatsuron shun shun sa sa tsu tsu ba ba
tsu tsu ron ron Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
seishun satsubatsuron
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
We only speak of it when we're getting into action ku
kuchi ni dasu no wa jikkou suru toki
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
ku kuchi ni dasu no wa jikkou suru toki
Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 13 Sugino Tomohito
Student No. 11 Shiota Nagisa
Student No. 6 Kataoka Megu Student No. 7 Kayano Kaede
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto da da
chi chi Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
ni ni Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto no no
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto wa wa
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ji ji
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto k k
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ko ko
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto u u
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ru ru to to ki ki
Because we know it's cool that way
sore ga kakkoii koto shitteru sa sa sa ga ga shi shi
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We only speak of it when we're getting into action
kuchi ni dasu no wa jikkou suru toki so so
Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 17 Nakamura Rio
Student No. 19 Hayami Rinka
Student No. 2 Isogai Yuuma
Student No. 23 Mimura Kouki
Student No. 3 Okajima Taiga
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ka ka
kuchi ni dasu no wa jikkou suru toki
re re Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
ga ga Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke k k
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ko ko
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke i i
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke to to
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke shi shi
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke t t
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke te te
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We'll find our target and unleash our bloodthirst
target sagashite bokura wa satsubatsu o o
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ru ru
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke tar tar sa sa get get
te te bo bo ku ku ra ra wa wa sa sa tsu tsu ba ba
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless tsu tsu
omoi wa mayou mayoedo susumu
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless
target sagashite bokura wa satsubatsu mo mo i i
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
wa wa Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 9 Kimura Masayoshi
Student No. 10 Kurahashi Hirano
Student No. 8 Kanzaki Yukiko
Student No. 25 Yada Touka m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
ma ma Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka u u
Student No. 25 Yada Touka ma ma
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
Student No. 25 Yada Touka e e
Student No. 25 Yada Touka do do
Student No. 25 Yada Touka su su
Student No. 25 Yada Touka mu mu
Student No. 25 Yada Touka
We can barely walk straight We can barely walk straight
migite to migiashi issho ni desou da na na n n na na n
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
mi mi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 24 Muramatsu Takuya
Student No. 16 Terasaka Ryouma
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei to to
Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
gi gi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
te te Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei mi mi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei gi gi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei a a
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei shi shi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei i i
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei s s
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei sho sho
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei ni ni
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei de de so so u u da da
Student No. 1 Akabane Karma
Student No. 5 Okuda Manami
Student No. 12 Sugaya Sousuke
Student No. 20 Hara Sumire m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 20 Hara Sumire
We can barely walk straight
What is this wave of nervousness?
nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
n da da i i ra ra i i ra ra no no ha ha do do
Is it a proof of our existence?
bokura no sonzai no shoumei u u wa wa
bo bo nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
ku ku ra ra no no so so n n za za i i no no sho sho u
u me me i i It surges as we look up into the moon tsu
tsu tsuki wo miage takamaru Crescent Moon
Crescent Moon ki ki Crescent Moon wo wo
Classified Information mi mi Classified Information a
a The "End" Class ge ge ta ta Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success ka ka Superbeing ma ma
Ministry of Defense Ministry of Defense ru ru
Ministry of Defense
Destruction Destruction Kunugigaoka Junior High School
Kunugigaoka Junior High School Mach Mach
Now, let's get this assassination started saa saa
saa saa sassassatto start Mach Mach Mach Mach Mach saa
saa Lessons        Teacher sa sa
Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom ssa ssa Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom ssa ssa tto tto start start
Now, let's get this assassination started
saa saa sassassatto start
We can't stand still because we're not done
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai ya ya ri ri ki ki tte
tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki ki re re nai
nai We can't stand still because we're not done
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai ya ya ri ri ki ki tte
tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki ki re re nai
nai m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de ya ya
We start off whispering about overthrowing the status quo
ge ge n n jo jo u u da da ha ha wo wo chi chi i i sa
sa na na ko ko e e de de m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
yagate zekkyou shitaku naru aa
But soon enough we'll feel like crying out, "Argh!"
genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de ga ga te te ze ze k k
kyou kyou shi shi ta ta ku ku na na ru ru aa aa
We can't stand still because we're not done
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai ya ya ri ri ki ki tte
tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki ki
We can do it if we try yareba dekiru sa re re nai nai
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai ya ya ri ri ki ki tte
tte na na i i ka ka We can do it if we try
yareba dekiru sa We can do it if we try
yareba dekiru sa ra ra We can do it if we try
yareba dekiru sa ya ya ri ri ki ki re re Yes, we can
kitto dekiru sa nai nai Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa n n ta ta
It's easy to say it's all futile and give up
douse to iu no wa kantan dakedo dou dou se se to to iu
iu no no wa wa Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa ka ka
Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
n n da da ke ke do do But for now we want to fight it
i i ima wa agaite mitain da
Special Anti-teacher Bullets ma ma
Special Anti-teacher Bullets wa wa a a ga ga
Class Change i i te te mi mi ta ta Slithery Snicker i
i Slithery Snicker n n da da
We want to have a blast with you ki ki
kimi to hajikete mitain da Ten Billion Yen mi mi to to
ha ha ji ji ke ke te te Isolated School Building
Isolated School Building mi mi ta ta i i n n da da
And we will still reach the future sa sa
saredo seishun wa mirai e go re re do do sei sei shun
shun wa wa mi mi rai rai e e go go
And we will still reach the future
saredo seishun wa mirai e go
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Let's go m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa Let's go
saa saa saa Let's go saa saa saa
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
seishun satsubatsuron sei sei shun shun sa sa tsu tsu
ba ba tsu tsu ron ron
seishun satsubatsuron
Episode Karma Time
Oh?
So this is the infamous Korosensei?
Whoa, he really does look like an octopus.
You're Akabane Karma-kun, right?
I'd heard your suspension was up today.
But that's no excuse to be late on your first day back.
It's hard to get back into the swing of things.
And feel free to call me by my first name.
It's nice to meet you, Sensei.
Likewise. Let's make this a fun year.
Wow. Looks like you're as fast as they say.
And these knives are as effective as they say.
I cut one up into tiny little pieces and stuck them to my hand.
But I'm surprised you fell for such a simple move.
You jumped back so far, too. What are you, a scaredy-cat?
No one's ever hurt Korosensei before.
He's the first one!
I heard "Korosensei" comes from "korosenai," or "unkillable."
But what's this? Could you be a pushover after all?
Nagisa, what kind of person is this Karma-kun?
Well...
We were in the same class during first and second year,
but he was suspended due to his persistently violent behavior.
Those violent tendencies are also what landed him in E Class.
But here, he might just top the class.
How do you mean?
When it comes to deadly weapons and foul play, Karma-kun's got us all beat.
Don't go anywhere, Korosensei.
I'll show you what it's like to be killed.
What's Korosensei been doing all this time?
Is he punching the wall or something?
Yeah. Karma's smack-talking must've made him mad.
His tentacles are too soft to do any damage, though.
Korosensei's Weak Point #4:
Punches like a wet sponge Ugh, that's it!
Enough with the squishing!
We're trying to take a quiz here!
P-Pardon me!
Hey, Karma, you sure about this?
That monster's pissed.
And we're sure as hell not gettin' involved.
Sure you wouldn't be better off holin' up at home?
You'd be pissed too, Terasaka, if you were nearly killed.
It's a bit different to just having someone fail miserably and piss himself instead.
I did not piss myself! You cruisin' for a bruisin', pal?
You there! No noise during a test!
Tell that to your tentacles!
You're lucky I haven't done you in for cheating!
Sorry, Korosensei. I've already finished,
so I'll just sit here quietly and eat my gelato.
Not during class, you won't!
Th-That's the gelato I brought back from Italy yesterday!
It's yours?
Oh, sorry! It was just chilling in the staff room.
"Sorry" won't cut it!
I took pains to fly through the freezing stratosphere to keep it from melting, too!
That so? Well, whaddya gonna do about it?
Hit me?
I will not! I'll just have what's left!
Come now, hand it o—
Anti-teacher pellets!
Gotcha again!
I'll just keep using the same old tricks.
I don't even care if it interferes with class.
If you don't like it, feel free to kill me or anyone else here.
But the instant you do...
no one'll see you as a teacher anymore.
You'll just be a murderous monster.
Your identity as a teacher will be killed. By me.
Here's my quiz. Probably got 'em all right.
See ya, Sensei.
Let's play some more tomorrow.
Karma-kun is extremely quick-witted.
Just now, for example,
he saw there was a line Korosensei couldn't cross without losing his status as teacher
and used various tactics to bring that teacher to the brink.
He has the smarts to see the heart of the matter
and the skill to handle just about anything,
but he uses them to butt heads with people.
For crying out loud.
Now he's forced me to go buy more gelato.
He's smart and tough, but as he says, if I want to remain a teacher,
I'm not allowed to kill or hurt him.
So, how do I deal with him?
Kunugigaoka Station Kunugigaoka Station
Kunugigaoka Station See ya, Nagisa!
Kunugigaoka Station Yep! See you tomorrow!
Hey, look! It's Nagisa!
He must be right at home down in E Class.
What a lamer. He'll never make it out of there unless he shapes up.
Plus, now that Akabane's back from suspension, he's in E Class too!
That's the pits! I would seriously rather die than wind up there.
Really? You'd rather die?
How about right now, then?
Akabane!
Like I'd actually do it.
Who'd want another suspension after discovering such a wonderful plaything?
Karma-kun...
So listen, Nagisa-kun, there's something I wanted to ask you.
I understand you know a few things about Korosensei.
Uh, well, kind of.
Does he get mad if you call him an octopus?
An octopus?
Octo-wrong!
This is an easy mistake to make. Be careful.
I think it's the opposite.
I mean, he draws himself as an octopus, Octo-wrong!
Octo-wrong!
and he picks the octopus character in games.
And when he was digging around in the sandbox...
Octopus trap.
So if he's making jokes like that,
I'd say the octopus thing is kind of like his trademark.
That so?
Hmm. A silly idea just crossed my mind.
What are you up to now, Karma-kun?
I'm just happy.
I was wondering what I'd do if he were just some monster,
but turns out he's an actual teacher.
So I finally get to kill an actual teacher.
I mean, after the last one went and died on me.
I didn't see this coming.
I'm all out of gelato money!
And no hope of getting more before payday!
I'll just have to make my own.
Good morning!
What's the matter, cla—
Whoops! My bad!
I killed that creature thinking it was you.
Bring it here. I'll dispose of it.
All right.
Bring it on, Korosensei.
I don't need to kill your body yet.
Instead, I'll start by slowly destroying your soul.
Now, now, Karma-kun. Allow me to show you...
the power of these drill tentacles and this missile I filched from the Self Defense-Force!
I'm not about to let my assassin get away scot-free.
I could tell by your pallor that you hadn't eaten breakfast, you see.
So I whipped up a batch of takoyaki at Mach speed.
With these, you'll be well on your way to being nice and healthy.
Open wide!
Karma-kun...
My job is to tend things. To take care of them.
Things like assassins' rusty blades.
So keep trying your hardest to kill me today.
Every time you do, I'll take care of you.
By the end of the day, your body and mind will be polished to sparkling.
Find the quotient No remainder!
Doesn't divide neatly.
First Period: Math First Period: Math
As you can see, this number is left over, no matter what you do.
If this indivisibility is getting you down,
then have I got the method for you!
I'll write it on the blackboard.
Everyone try solving it together.
Oh, Karma-kun? I'm afraid you're a touch too slow on the draw.
I thought I'd use the extra time I had to give you a little nail art.
Fourth Period: Home Ec.
Well? How'd you two do, Fuwa-san?
I dunno. It has this kind of sharp tang to it.
Let me try.
Well, why don't you start over?
Toss that batch out, and...
You forgot your apron, Karma-kun.
Don't worry about the soup.
I collected it all in midair with an eyedropper.
I added a little sugar while I was at it, too.
It's much milder now!
Aw, how cute.
It's no use.
"It was an ideal spot for the red frog."
Fifth Period: Japanese Fifth Period: Japanese
Korosensei has tons of weaknesses.
"Why didn't it try to cross there?"
He slips up from time to time,
and his reaction speed drops to human levels when he's flustered.
But no matter how good Karma-kun is at surprise attacks...
"Even as I was thinking this...
...the red frog, having failed again, was making its way back."
"I was starting to get bored with it."
"Picking up some stones from the road,
...with Korosensei on especially high alert,
I began throwing them at the sandbar."
this assassination was like an impossibly tough video game.
"I was not trying to hit the red frog..."
Karma-kun.
Don't sweat it. We'll all do it together.
Once Korosensei has his eye on you,
you can't kill him by yourself, no matter the method.
He's not like other teachers.
Teachers, eh?
Akabane, you're right!
Though you are somewhat combative, and you have your share of behavioral issues...
as long as you're in the right, I'll be on your side!
Yeah, no.
I want to do it.
Nothing would tick me off more than him dying in some random way.
Karma-kun?
I've certainly taken good care of you today, haven't I?
You can still try to kill me, you know.
I'll polish you up even shinier.
Just to make sure...
You are a teacher, right?
Right.
And you would, say,
risk your life to protect one of your students?
Of course. I'm a teacher, after all.
Okay, good.
Then I can kill you.
For sure.
So, what'll it be?
If you come to help, I'll shoot you before you can save me.
If you just let me die, your life as a teacher is over.
Oh, man! It's all flashing before my eyes!
Are you all right, Senpai?
3-E? You mean that 3-E?
How awful it must be to have your fate decided in such a way.
Huh? I'm in the right here.
What's wrong with saving a bullied student?
No, Akabane.
No matter how you look at it, you're in the wrong!
Have you lost your mind?
Where do you get off, injuring the best student in Year 3?
Huh?
No, wait, Sensei...
You sided with the E Class and hurt someone who still had a bright future.
If this affects his exams, it'll be on my head!
So much for being on my side.
Crap. He's dying Crap. He's dying Crap. He's dying.
Crap. He's dying Crap. He's dying Crap. He's dying
Your grades are the only thing that's right about you.
They're the reason I've always looked the other way.
But once you start hurting my career, that's a different story.
In my eyes, this teacher's dying.
I put in for your transfer.
Congratulations, Akabane.
You'll be starting your third year in the E Class.
He let me down.
Now he's dead to me.
Korosensei! I'll kill you with my own two hands!
Now, which death do you choose?
Karma-kun?
Splendid job on the premeditated assassination starring yourself.
If I'd saved you at Mach speed, your body wouldn't have been able to take it,
and if I'd moved slowly, I'd have been hit.
So I thought I'd try a stickier approach.
Damn! What can't these tentacles do?!
You can't shoot me now!
Oh, and for the record:
letting you die is not an option for me.
Feel free to take a leap of faith any time you like.
It's no use.
He won't die, no matter what I do.
Not the teacher part of him, anyway.
That was a lot crazier than you made it seem, Karma-kun.
Eh, no biggie.
As far as I could see,
that would've been my best chance at killing him.
Oh? Out of ideas already?
But I have so many ways left to pamper you in retaliation.
You're kind of a pushover yourself, aren't you?!
I'm still feeling murderous,
but this time it's different somehow.
Oh, I'll kill you. Maybe even tomorrow.
A healthy, refreshing bloodlust.
Looks like you don't need any more of my special care.
Let's head on back, Nagisa-kun.
We can eat on the way.
Hey! That's my purse!
And who left it in the staff room unattended?
Give it back!
If you say so.
But... This is empty!
There wasn't much in there to begin with. Call it a donation.
You hypocritical delinquent!
Assassins go in for the kill
and wind up sparkling clean in their target's tentacles.
That's our assassination classroom.
I wonder how we'll try to kill him tomorrow?
Do you hear me?!
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Ne xt Ep iso de "The Red Frog" by Shimaki Kensaku.
As the narrator watched the red frog tenaciously try to reach the far shore,
how did he change his mind about what he initially viewed as meaningless effort for an impossible task?
Do you get it, Karma-kun?
Next time on Assassination Classroom: Grown-Up Time.
Episode Grown-Up Time